Welcome.
Let's talk about something incredibly important,
trauma informed practice,
especially when it comes to supporting young adults like Billy Buntingham,
who navigates life with ADHD.
Imagine Billy,
he's bright,
full of energy,
and sees the world a little differently.
Sometimes
that difference can lead to challenges,
and those challenges might stem from experiences he's had that have left a mark.
Trauma isn't always obvious.
It can be subtle.
A quiet undercurrent affecting how someone feels,
learns,
and interacts.
Trauma informed practice means approaching Billy,
not just with his ADHD in mind,
but with an understanding that past experiences might be shaping his present.
It's about creating a safe,
supportive environment where he feels seen,
heard,
and understood without judgment.
It's about recognizing that his reactions might be a response to something deeper
and responding with empathy and patience.
This approach empowers him to build resilience and thrive,
recognizing his strengths and unique perspective.
Thank you for joining this conversation.
If you found this helpful,
consider following for more insights.